README.md, before:

<p style="text-align:center;" align="center">
      <picture align="center">
         <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/.github/assets/images/layer5/layer5-light-no-trim.svg" />
         <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/.github/assets/images/layer5/layer5-no-trim.svg" />
         <img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/.github/assets/images/layer5/layer5-no-trim.svg" alt="Shows a dark layer5 logo in light mode and a white logo in dark mode" width="45%"/>
      </picture>
</p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/layer5io/layer5" alt="GitHub contributors">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/layer5io/layer5.svg" /></a>
<a href="https://github.com/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+archived%3Afalse+(org%3Alayer5io+OR+org%3Ameshery+OR+org%3Alayer5labs+OR+org%3Aservice-mesh-performance+OR+org%3Aservice-mesh-patterns+OR+org%3Ameshery-extensions)+label%3A%22help+wanted%22" alt="Help wanted GitHub issues">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/layer5io/layer5/help%20wanted.svg?color=%23DDDD00" /></a>
<a href="https://slack.layer5.io" alt="Slack">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-@layer5.svg?logo=slack" /></a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/layer5" alt="Twitter Follow">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/layer5.svg?label=Follow+Layer5&style=social" /></a>
<a href="https://github.com/layer5io/layer5" alt="License">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/layer5io/layer5.svg" /></a>
</p>

<h5><p align="center"><i>If you’re using Layer5 products or if you like the project, please <a href="https://github.com/layer5io/layer5/stargazers">★</a> this repository to show your support! 🤩</i></p></h5>

<br />

> [!WARNING]
>  Before cloning this repo to your local machine, ensure that you do so sparsely or your clone will take a long time to download / sync.
>
> Example of a sparse checkout:
> 
> ```shell
> git clone --filter=blob:none --sparse https://github.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages
> git sparse-checkout add assets
> ```


## Repo Overview

ℹ️ This repository has multiple functions.

### Function 1: Layer5 Badges

See https://badges.layer5.io for the full set and description of the Layer5 Recognition Program.

*Examples*

[![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/assets/badges/meshmap/meshmap.svg)](https://cloud.layer5.io/user/090e7114-509a-4046-81f1-9c5fb8daf724?tab=badges) [![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/assets/badges/meshery-operator/meshery-operator.svg)](https://cloud.layer5.io/user/090e7114-509a-4046-81f1-9c5fb8daf724?tab=badges) [![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/assets/badges/docker-extension/docker-extension.svg)](https://cloud.layer5.io/user/090e7114-509a-4046-81f1-9c5fb8daf724?tab=badges)
<!---

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/assets/badges/first-share/first-share.svg)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/assets/badges/first-log-streaming-session/first-log-streaming-session.svg)
 [![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/assets/badges/bring-a-buddy/bring-a-buddy.svg)](https://cloud.layer5.io/user/090e7114-509a-4046-81f1-9c5fb8daf724?tab=badges) 
[![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/assets/badges/first-application/first-application.svg)](https://cloud.layer5.io/user/090e7114-509a-4046-81f1-9c5fb8daf724?tab=badges) 
-->

**Relevant Directories**

- `/assets`: Contains 3 directories
    1. `/assets/badges`: Stores the SVG and PNG representation of badges to be used in emails.
    1. `/assets/meshmap`: Stores the animated gifs, svgs, quicktips etc,
    1. `/assets/organizations`: Stores the custom icons in PNG format namespaced under orgid.
    ```
    /assets/organizations/<org-uuid>/mobile.png
    /assets/organizations/<org-uuid>/desktop.png
    ```
    4. `/assets/kanvas`: Stores images used in Kanvas, such as in designs, roadmaps, flow-charts etc.

        `/assets/kanvas/getting-started/`: Stores images used in the Kanvas Getting Started section in webp format.
    

### Function 2: Layer5 Cloud Remote Provider Packages
Access Layer5 Cloud at https://cloud.layer5.io 

**Relevant Directories**
- `/email`: Contains html emails templates, svgs/png to be used for emails sent for `layer5-cloud` and other newsletter html templates.
- See the aftifacts under each [Release](https://github.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/releases).

### Function 3: Images taken by Kanvas Snapshots
Find out more at https://meshery.io/extensions/github-action-meshery-snapshot

**Relevant Directories**
- `/action-assets`: 
    - Stores the snapshots taken as part of pull requests. Each snapshot have 2 versions and are namespaced based on the year and month they were taken, for eg: snapshot against a particular PR created on 10th July 2024 will be stored at
    - Light: `/action-assets/2024@7/<design-id>-light.png` 
    - Dark version: `/action-assets/2024@7/<design-id>-dark.png`

- `/design-assets`: Stores the snapshots taken for catalog items. Every time a catalog item is updated, the corresponding snapshot for that catalog item is also updated. Catalog snapshots are referenced rom different systems, which need unauthenticated, public access to static resources, and therefore, require a permanent link. Each catalog item has two versions of the snapshot stored at:
    - Light: `/actions-assets/design-assets/<design-id-light>.png`
    - Dark: `/actions-assets/design-assets/<design-id-dark>.png`


## About Layer5

Layer5's cloud native application and infrastructure management software enables organizations to expect more from their infrastructure. We embrace _developer_-defined infrastructure. We empower developers to change how they write applications, support _operators_ in rethinking how they run modern infrastructure, and enable _product owners_ to regain full-control over their product portfolio.


## Join the Community
We invite newcomers and experienced contributors alike to join the Meshery and Layer5 communities:
- Participate in meetings listed on the [Community Calendar](https://meet.layer5.io).
- Watch recorded meetings and presentations in the [Community Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL3A-A6hPO2IMPPqVjuzgqNU5xwnFFn3n0).
- Get started by submitting the [Newcomer Form](https://layer5.io/newcomer) .to gain access to community resources and tools.
- If you have questions, join the [Community Slack](https://slack.layer5.io) or ask in the [Discussion Forum](https://discuss.layer5.io/).

Commit message:

add fourth function
Signed-off-by: Lee Calcote <lee.calcote@layer5.io>

README.md, after:

<p style="text-align:center;" align="center">
      <picture align="center">
         <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/.github/assets/images/layer5/layer5-light-no-trim.svg" />
         <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/.github/assets/images/layer5/layer5-no-trim.svg" />
         <img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/.github/assets/images/layer5/layer5-no-trim.svg" alt="Shows a dark layer5 logo in light mode and a white logo in dark mode" width="45%"/>
      </picture>
</p>

<p align="center">
<a href="https://github.com/layer5io/layer5" alt="GitHub contributors">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/layer5io/layer5.svg" /></a>
<a href="https://github.com/issues?q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aissue+archived%3Afalse+(org%3Alayer5io+OR+org%3Ameshery+OR+org%3Alayer5labs+OR+org%3Aservice-mesh-performance+OR+org%3Aservice-mesh-patterns+OR+org%3Ameshery-extensions)+label%3A%22help+wanted%22" alt="Help wanted GitHub issues">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/issues/layer5io/layer5/help%20wanted.svg?color=%23DDDD00" /></a>
<a href="https://slack.layer5.io" alt="Slack">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-@layer5.svg?logo=slack" /></a>
<a href="https://twitter.com/layer5" alt="Twitter Follow">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/layer5.svg?label=Follow+Layer5&style=social" /></a>
<a href="https://github.com/layer5io/layer5" alt="License">
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/layer5io/layer5.svg" /></a>
</p>

<h5><p align="center"><i>If you’re using Layer5 products or if you like the project, please <a href="https://github.com/layer5io/layer5/stargazers">★</a> this repository to show your support! 🤩</i></p></h5>

<br />

> [!WARNING]
>  Before cloning this repo to your local machine, ensure that you do so sparsely or your clone will take a long time to download / sync.
>
> Example of a sparse checkout:
> 
> ```shell
> git clone --filter=blob:none --sparse https://github.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages
> git sparse-checkout add assets
> ```


## Repo Overview

ℹ️ This repository has multiple functions.

### Function 1: Layer5 Badges

See https://badges.layer5.io for the full set and description of the Layer5 Recognition Program.

*Examples*

[![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/assets/badges/meshmap/meshmap.svg)](https://cloud.layer5.io/user/090e7114-509a-4046-81f1-9c5fb8daf724?tab=badges) [![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/assets/badges/meshery-operator/meshery-operator.svg)](https://cloud.layer5.io/user/090e7114-509a-4046-81f1-9c5fb8daf724?tab=badges) [![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/assets/badges/docker-extension/docker-extension.svg)](https://cloud.layer5.io/user/090e7114-509a-4046-81f1-9c5fb8daf724?tab=badges)
<!---

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/assets/badges/first-share/first-share.svg)
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/assets/badges/first-log-streaming-session/first-log-streaming-session.svg)
 [![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/assets/badges/bring-a-buddy/bring-a-buddy.svg)](https://cloud.layer5.io/user/090e7114-509a-4046-81f1-9c5fb8daf724?tab=badges) 
[![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/master/assets/badges/first-application/first-application.svg)](https://cloud.layer5.io/user/090e7114-509a-4046-81f1-9c5fb8daf724?tab=badges) 
-->

**Relevant Directories**

- `/assets`: Contains 3 directories
    1. `/assets/badges`: Stores the SVG and PNG representation of badges to be used in emails.
    1. `/assets/meshmap`: Stores the animated gifs, svgs, quicktips etc,
    1. `/assets/organizations`: Stores the custom icons in PNG format namespaced under orgid.
    ```
    /assets/organizations/<org-uuid>/mobile.png
    /assets/organizations/<org-uuid>/desktop.png
    ```
    4. `/assets/kanvas`: Stores images used in Kanvas, such as in designs, roadmaps, flow-charts etc.

        `/assets/kanvas/getting-started/`: Stores images used in the Kanvas Getting Started section in webp format.
    

### Function 2: Layer5 Cloud Remote Provider Packages
Access Layer5 Cloud at https://cloud.layer5.io 

**Relevant Directories**
- `/email`: Contains html emails templates, svgs/png to be used for emails sent for `layer5-cloud` and other newsletter html templates.
- See the aftifacts under each [Release](https://github.com/layer5labs/meshery-extensions-packages/releases).

### Function 3: Images taken by Kanvas Snapshots
Find out more at https://meshery.io/extensions/github-action-meshery-snapshot

**Relevant Directories**
- `/action-assets`: 
    - Stores the snapshots taken as part of pull requests. Each snapshot have 2 versions and are namespaced based on the year and month they were taken, for eg: snapshot against a particular PR created on 10th July 2024 will be stored at
    - Light: `/action-assets/2024@7/<design-id>-light.png` 
    - Dark version: `/action-assets/2024@7/<design-id>-dark.png`

- `/design-assets`: Stores the snapshots taken for catalog items. Every time a catalog item is updated, the corresponding snapshot for that catalog item is also updated. Catalog snapshots are referenced rom different systems, which need unauthenticated, public access to static resources, and therefore, require a permanent link. Each catalog item has two versions of the snapshot stored at:
    - Light: `/actions-assets/design-assets/<design-id-light>.png`
    - Dark: `/actions-assets/design-assets/<design-id-dark>.png`


### Function 4: Embeded Meshery Design
Meshery Design Embedding ([docs](https://docs.layer5.io/kanvas/designer/embedding-designs/)) enables you to export a design in a format that can be seamlessly integrated into websites, blogs, or platforms supporting HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. This embedded version provides an interactive representation of the design, making it easier to share with infrastructure stakeholders.

**Relevant Directories**
- `/meshery-design-embed`: Contains the exported design files, including HTML, CSS, JavaScript, and assets like images and fonts. These files can be directly embedded into web pages or applications to showcase the design interactively.


## About Layer5

Layer5's cloud native application and infrastructure management software enables organizations to expect more from their infrastructure. We embrace _developer_-defined infrastructure. We empower developers to change how they write applications, support _operators_ in rethinking how they run modern infrastructure, and enable _product owners_ to regain full-control over their product portfolio.


## Join the Community
We invite newcomers and experienced contributors alike to join the Meshery and Layer5 communities:
- Participate in meetings listed on the [Community Calendar](https://meet.layer5.io).
- Watch recorded meetings and presentations in the [Community Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL3A-A6hPO2IMPPqVjuzgqNU5xwnFFn3n0).
- Get started by submitting the [Newcomer Form](https://layer5.io/newcomer) .to gain access to community resources and tools.
- If you have questions, join the [Community Slack](https://slack.layer5.io) or ask in the [Discussion Forum](https://discuss.layer5.io/).
